[DOCS] Explain Signature option for Trusted Applications (#1747)
elastic/security-docs: docs/management/admin/trusted-apps.asciidoc

. Click *Add trusted application*.

. Fill in the following fields in the *Add trusted application* flyout:

* `Name your trusted application`: Enter a name for the trusted application.

* `Description`(Optional): Enter a description for the trusted application.

* `Select operating system`: Select the appropriate operating system from the drop-down.

> * `Field`: Select the field you want to use to identify the trusted application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Field`: Select the field you want to identify the trusted application:
```

> ** `Hash`: The hash value of the application's executable. Either MD5, SHA-1, or SHA-256.

Reviewer 2: "Either" is usually a comparison between two values; this one has three. 

```suggestion
** `Hash`: The MD5, SHA-1, or SHA-256 hash value of the application's executable.
```

> ** `Hash`: The hash value of the application's executable. The hash can be MD5, SHA-1, or SHA-256.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `Hash`: The application's hash value. Either MD5, SHA-1, or SHA-256.
```

Author: I think it's important to specify the executable, to avoid any confusion with other application files, but in general I like the edits for brevity.
```suggestion
** `Hash`: The hash value of the application's executable. Either MD5, SHA-1, or SHA-256.
```

> ** `Path`: The full file path of the application's executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `Path`: The application's full file path.
```

Author: Same as above, I think we should still specify the executable.

** `Signature`: (Windows only) The name of the application's digital signer.
+

> TIP: To find the signer's name for an application, go to *Kibana* -> *Discover* and query the process name of the application's executable (for example, `process.name : "mctray.exe"` for a McAfee security binary). Then search the results for the `process.code_signature.subject_name` field, which contains the signer's name (for example, `McAfee, Inc.`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
TIP: To find the signer's name for an application, go to *Kibana* -> *Discover* and query the process name of the application's executable (for example, `process.name : "mctray.exe"` for a McAfee security binary). Then, search the results for the `process.code_signature.subject_name` field, which contains the signer's name (for example, `McAfee, Inc.`).
```

* `Operator`: Select an operator to define the condition:
   ** `is`: Must be exactly equal to `Value`. This operation is required for the `Hash` and `Signature` field types.   
   ** `matches`: Can include wildcards in `Value`, such as `C:\path\*\app.exe`. This option is only available for the `Path` field type. Available wildcards are `?` (match one character) and `*` (match zero or more characters).

* `Value`: Enter the hash value, file path, or signer name. To add an additional value, click *AND*.
+

> NOTE: You can only add a single field type value per trusted application. For example, if you try to add two `Path` values, you'll get an error message. Hash values must also be valid to add the trusted application. In addition, to minimize visibility gaps in the {security-app}, be as specific as possible in your entries. For example, combine `Signature` information with a known `Path`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can only add a single field type value per trusted application. For example, if you try to add two `Path` values, you'll get an error message. Also, an application's hash value must be valid to add it as a trusted application. In addition, to minimize visibility gaps in the {security-app}, be as specific as possible in your entries. For example, combine `Signature` information with a known `Path`.
```
